https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MET&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MET proto-oncogene, receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAK2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Janus kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRAF&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=B-Raf proto-oncogene, serine/threonine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA2, DNA repair associated&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor receptor 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor receptor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3CA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHEK2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=checkpoint kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EGFR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=epidermal growth factor receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor receptor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KRAS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KRAS proto-oncogene, GTPase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA1, DNA repair associated&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRIP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA1 interacting protein C-terminal helicase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCR, RhoGEF and GTPase activating protein&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTPN11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=protein tyrosine phosphatase, non-receptor type 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MLH1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mutL homolog 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTEN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphatase and tensin homolog&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NRAS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NRAS proto-oncogene, GTPase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TP53&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tumor protein p53&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AXIN1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=axin 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MPL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MPL proto-oncogene, thrombopoietin receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KIT&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KIT proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CEBPA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CCAAT/enhancer binding protein alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=POLE&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA polymerase epsilon, catalytic subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDGFRB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=platelet derived growth factor receptor beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDKN2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor 2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CTNNB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=catenin beta 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERBB4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HRAS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HRas proto-oncogene, GTPase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TGFBR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=transforming growth factor beta receptor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERBB3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GALNT12&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 12&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDGFRA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERBB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ETV6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ETS variant 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT serine/threonine kinase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LCK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LCK proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=POT1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=protection of telomeres 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=POLD1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA polymerase delta 1, catalytic subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RB transcriptional corepressor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MSH6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mutS homolog 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PALB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=partner and localizer of BRCA2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=VHL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MYC&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MYC proto-oncogene, bHLH transcription factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TERT&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=telomerase reverse transcriptase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SETBP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SET binding protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DICER1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=dicer 1, ribonuclease III&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CCND1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin D1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NRG1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neuregulin 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ESR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=estrogen receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IDH2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=isocitrate dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) 2, mitochondrial&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3R1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NKX2-1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NK2 homeobox 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PAX5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=paired box 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTCH1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=patched 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDH1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cadherin 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL2, apoptosis regulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD family member 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TET2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tet methylcytosine dioxygenase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GATA2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GATA binding protein 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TCF7L2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=transcription factor 7 like 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD family member 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PBRM1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=polybromo 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ARHGAP26&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Rho GTPase activating protein 26&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MUTYH&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mutY DNA glycosylase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FLT3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fms related tyrosine kinase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SUFU&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SUFU negative regulator of hedgehog signaling&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=APC&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=APC, WNT signaling pathway regulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CXCR4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD19&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD19 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FYN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FYN proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51 recombinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IRF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interferon regulatory factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDK4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin dependent kinase 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GSK3B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3CD&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit delta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KDR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=kinase insert domain receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ETV1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ETS variant 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HOXB13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=homeobox B13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FOXE1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=forkhead box E1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KITLG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KIT ligand&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD family member 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FLI1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Fli-1 proto-oncogene, ETS transcription factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CUX1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cut like homeobox 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NF2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neurofibromin 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MINPP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=multiple inositol-polyphosphate phosphatase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PAX3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=paired box 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MUC1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mucin 1, cell surface associated&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT serine/threonine kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDK6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin dependent kinase 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AXIN2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=axin 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BTK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Bruton tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DDR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=discoidin domain receptor tyrosine kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TP63&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tumor protein p63&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HSP90AA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=heat shock protein 90 alpha family class A member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD274&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD274 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neurofibromin 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RET&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ret proto-oncogene&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTK6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=protein tyrosine kinase 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IRF4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interferon regulatory factor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ABL1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ABL proto-oncogene 1, non-receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNMT3A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA methyltransferase 3 alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERG, ETS transcription factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ARID5B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AT-rich interaction domain 5B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFA13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase subunit A13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FBXW7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=F-box and WD repeat domain containing 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EWSR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EWS RNA binding protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IDH1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=isocitrate dehydrogenase (NADP(+)) 1, cytosolic&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NOTCH1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=notch 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RNF43&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ring finger protein 43&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=QKI&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=QKI, KH domain containing RNA binding&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KLF6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Kruppel like factor 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51 paralog C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ITK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IL2 inducible T-cell kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ASXL1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=additional sex combs like 1, transcriptional regulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRC&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRC proto-oncogene, non-receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FAM131B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=family with sequence similarity 131 member B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ALK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ALK receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR1OP&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR1 oncogene partner&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CSF3R&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=colony stimulating factor 3 receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAK1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Janus kinase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TRIM24&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tripartite motif containing 24&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LMNA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=lamin A/C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FUS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FUS RNA binding protein&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MAP2K1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FLT4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fms related tyrosine kinase 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=androgen receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PAX7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=paired box 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PLCG1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phospholipase C gamma 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=B-cell CLL/lymphoma 10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TOP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=topoisomerase (DNA) I&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDGFB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=platelet derived growth factor subunit B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMARCB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SWI/SNF related, matrix associated, actin dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily b, member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NBN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=nibrin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ZMYM2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=zinc finger MYM-type containing 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKAP9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=A-kinase anchoring protein 9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1D&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 D&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KIAA1549&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KIAA1549&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51D&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51 paralog D&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MXI1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MAX interactor 1, dimerization protein&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMAD family member 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDC73&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cell division cycle 73&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MAP2K2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TSHR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=thyroid stimulating hormone receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CNTRL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=centriolin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SND1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=staphylococcal nuclease and tudor domain containing 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3R3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FAM175A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=family with sequence similarity 175 member A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3CB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AMER1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=APC membrane recruitment protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CASP10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=caspase 10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HABP2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=hyaluronan binding protein 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PRLR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=prolactin receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3R2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CYP19A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cytochrome P450 family 19 subfamily A member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor B2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDGFRL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=platelet derived growth factor receptor like&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PPARG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRGAP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SLIT-ROBO Rho GTPase activating protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SLC22A18&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=solute carrier family 22 member 18&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EREG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=epiregulin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GRIN2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glutamate ionotropic receptor NMDA type subunit 2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IKZF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IKAROS family zinc finger 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RUNX1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=runt related transcription factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RARA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=retinoic acid receptor alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTGS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TOP2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=topoisomerase (DNA) II alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MAP3K1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RRM2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ribonucleotide reductase regulatory subunit M2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAG1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=jagged 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HNF1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HNF1 homeobox A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL2L11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL2 like 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTGS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FLCN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=folliculin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GATA3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GATA binding protein 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAD51 paralog B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND4L&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 4L&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF19&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 19&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CCND2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin D2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=XDH&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=xanthine dehydrogenase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ESRP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=epithelial splicing regulatory protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MTOR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mechanistic target of rapamycin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ESR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=estrogen receptor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1H&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 H&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBA1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin alpha 1a&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PGF&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=placental growth factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBA1C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin alpha 1c&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDE5A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphodiesterase 5A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKT serine/threonine kinase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PRF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=perforin 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRG2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor gamma2 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=VEGFA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=vascular endothelial growth factor A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MSH2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mutS homolog 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KLHDC8B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=kelch domain containing 8B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FAS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Fas cell surface death receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD86&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD86 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRD5A2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=steroid 5 alpha-reductase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB4A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 4A class IVa&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor beta2 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EBF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=early B-cell factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CARD11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=caspase recruitment domain family member 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PARP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SETD2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SET domain containing 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HGF&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=hepatocyte growth factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IL2RG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interleukin 2 receptor subunit gamma&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PLG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=plasminogen&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF18&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 18&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LPP&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LIM domain containing preferred translocation partner in lipoma&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IL2RA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interleukin 2 receptor subunit alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MDM4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MDM4, p53 regulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AGTR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=angiotensin II receptor type 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MS4A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=membrane spanning 4-domains A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KLF4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Kruppel like factor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TBX3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=T-box 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha5 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TYMS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=thymidylate synthetase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFA4L2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFA4, mitochondrial complex associated like 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD80&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD80 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=OPCML&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=opioid binding protein/cell adhesion molecule like&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BLK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BLK proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRP&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor pi subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EGF&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=epidermal growth factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMB8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit beta 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MLLT10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=myeloid/lymphoid or mixed-lineage leukemia; translocated to, 10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD52&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD52 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN9A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TLR7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=toll like receptor 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SLC6A3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=solute carrier family 6 member 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRE&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor epsilon subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD38&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD38 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HBEGF&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=heparin binding EGF like growth factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=klotho&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRB3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor beta3 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TGFBR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=transforming growth factor beta receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRNA4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor nicotinic alpha 4 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KLK2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=kallikrein related peptidase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FLT1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fms related tyrosine kinase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CTLA4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated protein 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LYN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LYN proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SERPINC1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=serpin family C member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNKS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tankyrase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SSTR3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=somatostatin receptor 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3CG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit gamma&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=VDR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=vitamin D (1,25- dihydroxyvitamin D3) receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNFSF11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNF superfamily member 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRG1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor gamma1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GCGR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glucagon receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD33&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD33 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMB9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit beta 9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD28&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD28 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MKL1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=megakaryoblastic leukemia (translocation) 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA2D2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit alpha2delta 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 3 class III&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IRS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=insulin receptor substrate 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha4 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN7A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATP4B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATPase H+/K+ transporting beta subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MACF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=microtubule-actin crosslinking factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNMT1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA methyltransferase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHB6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor B6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor beta 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRNB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor nicotinic beta 1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=UBB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ubiquitin B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CYP17A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cytochrome P450 family 17 subfamily A member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB2B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 2B class IIb&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPOR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=erythropoietin receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRM3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor muscarinic 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ING1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=inhibitor of growth family member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IRS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=insulin receptor substrate 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDE3A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphodiesterase 3A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PGR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=progesterone receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SLAMF7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SLAM family member 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DLL1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=delta like canonical Notch ligand 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPAS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=endothelial PAS domain protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DDIT3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA damage inducible transcript 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor beta 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRD&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor delta subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SH2B3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SH2B adaptor protein 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRG3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor gamma3 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA2D1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit alpha2delta 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NR3C1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=nuclear receptor subfamily 3 group C member 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha6 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor B1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=THRB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=thyroid hormone receptor beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CSF2RB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=colony stimulating factor 2 receptor beta common subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ICOS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=inducible T-cell costimulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SSTR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=somatostatin receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRD5A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=steroid 5 alpha-reductase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRNA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor nicotinic alpha 1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=COL1A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=collagen type I alpha 1 chain&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit beta 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ALDH2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 family (mitochondrial)&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RRM1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ribonucleotide reductase catalytic subunit M1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDGFA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=platelet derived growth factor subunit A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TEK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TEK receptor tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ERLIN2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ER lipid raft associated 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PTCH2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=patched 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=VTI1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=vesicle transport through interaction with t-SNAREs 1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DHFR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=dihydrofolate reductase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATP4A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATPase H+/K+ transporting alpha subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1I&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 I&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LRRFIP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LRR binding FLII interacting protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha2 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LEF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=lymphoid enhancer binding factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CSF2RA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=colony stimulating factor 2 receptor alpha subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DLL4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=delta like canonical Notch ligand 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBA1B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin alpha 1b&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN3A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KCNK3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=potassium two pore domain channel subfamily K member 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ZC3HAV1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=zinc finger CCCH-type containing, antiviral 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBA4A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin alpha 4a&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IL2RB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interleukin 2 receptor subunit beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDH11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cadherin 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SOX2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SRY-box 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BARD1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BRCA1 associated RING domain 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KLB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=klotho beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PORCN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=porcupine homolog (Drosophila)&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PIK3AP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphoinositide-3-kinase adaptor protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KCNK2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=potassium two pore domain channel subfamily K member 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=OPRM1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=opioid receptor mu 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATM&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATM serine/threonine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MT-ND5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mitochondrially encoded NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=XRCC3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=X-ray repair cross complementing 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AGK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=acylglycerol kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HMGCR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MN1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MN1 proto-oncogene, transcriptional regulator&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CSF1R&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=colony stimulating factor 1 receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SSTR5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=somatostatin receptor 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDCD1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=programmed cell death 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GLRB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glycine receptor beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FRK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fyn related Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=IFNAR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=interferon alpha and beta receptor subunit 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BTC&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=betacellulin&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RAF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Raf-1 proto-oncogene, serine/threonine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMA7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit alpha 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GART&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase, phosphoribosylglycinamide synthetase, phosphoribosylaminoimidazole synthetase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GSK3A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glycogen synthase kinase 3 alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 6 class V&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHB3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor B3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMD14&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, non-ATPase 14&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ELL&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=elongation factor for RNA polymerase II&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRNB2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor nicotinic beta 2 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA2D4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit alpha2delta 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor beta1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RXRG&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=retinoid X receptor gamma&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KDM7A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=lysine demethylase 7A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PRKCB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=protein kinase C beta&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RRAS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=related RAS viral (r-ras) oncogene homolog 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GAB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GRB2 associated binding protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AKR1B1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=aldo-keto reductase family 1 member B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=INSR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=insulin receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta class I&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=YES1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=YES proto-oncogene 1, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1E&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 E&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA2D3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit alpha2delta 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LRP5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=LDL receptor related protein 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SCN8A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRA2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor alpha 2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=WRN&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=Werner syndrome RecQ like helicase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TXNRD1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=thioredoxin reductase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SHC1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SHC adaptor protein 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD74&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD74 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FXR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FMR1 autosomal homolog 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF20&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 20&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HOXD11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=homeobox D11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ZBTB16&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=zinc finger and BTB domain containing 16&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TMPRSS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=transmembrane protease, serine 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRA2C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor alpha 2C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BCL6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=B-cell CLL/lymphoma 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SOS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SOS Ras/Rac guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=VAV1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=vav guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAZF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAZF zinc finger 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FKBP1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FK506 binding protein 1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TRAT1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=T-cell receptor associated transmembrane adaptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMA3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit alpha 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 1 class VI&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNKS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tankyrase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNAH11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=dynein axonemal heavy chain 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HOXA9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=homeobox A9&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AP3B1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adaptor related protein complex 3 beta 1 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=UBC&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ubiquitin C&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFAF4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex assembly factor 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GNAS&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GNAS complex locus&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGR proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF23&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 23&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PDE3B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=phosphodiesterase 3B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TYR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tyrosinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMC3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, ATPase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CCNE1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cyclin E1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SSTR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=somatostatin receptor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HCK&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HCK proto-oncogene, Src family tyrosine kinase&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NRG2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neuregulin 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TACR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tachykinin receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TUBB2A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=tubulin beta 2A class IIa&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNFRSF8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=TNF receptor superfamily member 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ATG7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=autophagy related 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GRIN1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glutamate ionotropic receptor NMDA type subunit 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMD11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, non-ATPase 11&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFAB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase subunit AB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MLH3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=mutL homolog 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase subunit A1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMB4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit beta 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BUB1B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BUB1 mitotic checkpoint serine/threonine kinase B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CASP8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=caspase 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PBX1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PBX homeobox 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HOXD13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=homeobox D13&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FOXP1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=forkhead box P1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=KCNK10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=potassium two pore domain channel subfamily K member 10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFS8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit S8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMD6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, non-ATPase 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=JAG2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=jagged 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MSR1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=macrophage scavenger receptor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=HDAC8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=histone deacetylase 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNB3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit beta 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGF3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFAF1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex assembly factor 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRA2B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor alpha 2B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit beta 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=OPRK1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=opioid receptor kappa 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMD1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, non-ATPase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=THRA&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=thyroid hormone receptor, alpha&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=BIRC3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=baculoviral IAP repeat containing 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPHB4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=EPH receptor B4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMC2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, ATPase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNB4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit beta 4&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNG8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 8&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=SMO&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=smoothened, frizzled class receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRA3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor alpha3 subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CRTC1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CREB regulated transcription coactivator 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CPSF6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cleavage and polyadenylation specific factor 6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GNRHR&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gonadotropin releasing hormone receptor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD3E&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD3e molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMA5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit alpha 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CHRM2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cholinergic receptor muscarinic 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMC5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, ATPase 5&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase core subunit S1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GABRQ&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptor theta subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AGTRAP&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=angiotensin II receptor associated protein&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR1OP2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FGFR1 oncogene partner 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PAPD7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=poly(A) RNA polymerase D7, non-canonical&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=POLA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=DNA polymerase alpha 1, catalytic subunit&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMD12&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome 26S subunit, non-ATPase 12&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=FRS2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFS6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase subunit S6&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MYB&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MYB proto-oncogene, transcription factor&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ADRA1B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=adrenoceptor alpha 1B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MECOM&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MDS1 and EVI1 complex locus&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD3D&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD3d molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NTRK3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neurotrophic receptor tyrosine kinase 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=MPRIP&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=myosin phosphatase Rho interacting protein&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CDC37&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=cell division cycle 37&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=RRM2B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=ribonucleotide reductase regulatory TP53 inducible subunit M2B&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PSMB7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=proteasome subunit beta 7&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GPD2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNB1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit beta 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NRG3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=neuregulin 3&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD22&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CD22 molecule&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=GLRA1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=glycine receptor alpha 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1G&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 G&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=PAPSS1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=3'-phosphoadenosine 5'-phosphosulfate synthase 1&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=CACNA1A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 A&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NDUFA10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase subunit A10&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=AVPR2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=arginine vasopressin receptor 2&no_cache
https://mk-assocfix-dot-open-targets-eu-dev.appspot.com/api/latest/public/search?q=&no_cache
